# MXE compatible config
 
imsi;service_provider;service_provider == Google;count;1; sp_Google
imsi;service_provider;service_provider == Google Play;count;1; sp_GooglePlay
imsi;service_provider;service_provider == Samsung Apps;count;1; sp_SamsungApps
imsi;service_provider;service_provider == Facebook;count;1; sp_Facebook
imsi;service_provider;service_provider == Snapchat;count;1; sp_Snapchat
imsi;service_provider;service_provider == Instagram;count;1; sp_Instagram
imsi;service_provider;service_provider == Twitter;count;1; sp_Twitter
imsi;service_provider;service_provider == Pinterest;count;1; sp_Pinterest
imsi;service_provider;service_provider == Tumblr;count;1; sp_Tumblr
imsi;service_provider;service_provider == Flickr;count;1; sp_Flickr
imsi;service_provider;service_provider == Google+;count;1; sp_Googleplus
imsi;service_provider;service_provider == Vine;count;1; sp_Vine
imsi;service_provider;service_provider == We Heart It;count;1; sp_WeHeartIt
imsi;service_provider;service_provider == Picasa;count;1; sp_Picasa
imsi;service_provider;service_provider == LinkedIn;count;1; sp_LinkedIn
imsi;service_provider;service_provider == Yahoo;count;1; sp_Yahoo
imsi;service_provider;service_provider == Outlook;count;1; sp_Outlook
imsi;service_provider;service_provider == Gmail;count;1; sp_Gmail
imsi;service_provider;service_provider == Hotmail;count;1; sp_Hotmail
imsi;service_provider;service_provider == Microsoft Live;count;1; sp_MicrosoftLive
imsi;service_provider;service_provider == Microsoft;count;1; sp_Microsoft
imsi;service_provider;service_provider == YouTube;count;1; sp_YouTube
imsi;service_provider;service_provider == Netflix;count;1; sp_Netflix
imsi;service_provider;service_provider == Vimeo;count;1; sp_Vimeo
imsi;service_provider;service_provider == Dailymotion;count;1; sp_Dailymotion
imsi;service_provider;service_provider == Ustream;count;1; sp_Ustream
imsi;service_provider;service_provider == Hulu;count;1; sp_Hulu
imsi;service_provider;service_provider == Skype;count;1; sp_Skype
imsi;service_provider;service_provider == Viber;count;1; sp_Viber
imsi;service_provider;service_provider == WhatsApp;count;1; sp_WhatsApp
imsi;service_provider;service_provider == Nimbuzz;count;1; sp_Nimbuzz
imsi;service_provider;service_provider == Amazon;count;1; sp_Amazon
imsi;service_provider;service_provider == eBay;count;1; sp_eBay
imsi;service_provider;service_provider == Office Online;count;1; sp_OfficeOnline
imsi;service_provider;service_provider == Adobe;count;1; sp_Adobe
imsi;service_provider;service_provider == Foursquare;count;1; sp_Foursquare
imsi;service_provider;service_provider == Wikipedia;count;1; sp_Wikipedia
